Smurf didn't set the fire.
She made Pope do it.
Is this when ask me to turn
against the father of my kid?
Yes.
Everything you told me, the
ins and outs of the base,
you're not just in, you made it happen.
If there is money in that
car when I get it back,
I will throw it in the base incinerator.
I did coke with Craig.
And then I... him.
Anything good, they destroy.
They use everyone.
J, I think it's time we
call that detective.
- Ready?
- Yeah.
Just don't screw up this time.
♪
♪ She stares deeply ♪
♪ Locked inside me ♪
♪ Burnin' brightly ♪
♪ One they know that I cannot take ♪
♪ Waitin' for it all to begin ♪
♪ Every night now, they'll win ♪
♪ Come and meet my black hole ♪
♪ Got a big black hole ♪
♪ I've got a big black hole ♪
♪ I've got a big black, big black hole ♪
♪ Got a big black hole inside of me ♪
- sync and corrections by Caio -
- www.addic7ed.com -
♪ Good-looking woman with her arm... ♪
Hey, fellas.
- Where are you headed, sir?
- Paintball Park.
- Did you preregister?
- Yeah, online.
♪ And nothing that I don't ♪
♪ Homegrown ♪
Pop the back, please, sir.
Yep, you bet.
♪
♪ We got a fire going ♪
♪ Down by the riverside ♪
Do you know where you're going, sir?
- Absolutely.
- Thank you, Mr. Grady.
- Yeah.
- Have fun.
Oh, you better believe it.
♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
She tracks my phone.
She tracks all of us.
Hey, J...
it's gonna be okay.
You can trust this detective.
Yeah, no, I'm not gonna
tell her everything.
And you shouldn't.
No, don't tell them anything
that might implicate you.
- Okay?
- (KNOCK ON DOOR)
Look, this is the right thing to do...
for you, for me, for everyone.
- I promise.
- (KNOCKING CONTINUES)
Okay?
(DOOR OPENS)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
YATES: Hello, Josh.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
(AIR HORN BLARES)
♪
(GEAR RATTLING)
(EXHALES)
(KEY JINGLES)
(CHAIN RATTLING)
(HELICOPTER ROTORS WHIRRING)
♪
We're gonna be extra nice to
Grandma Smurf today, okay?
- Okay.
CATHERINE: Smurf?
In here!
Anything?
(KISSING NOISES)
Mwah!
(CHUCKLES)
(TIRES SQUEAL)
(DRILLS WHIRRING)
(FAINT BUZZING)
♪
(LOCK RATTLING)
(CHAINS JINGLE)
YATES: It's a very brave
thing you're doing, Josh.
They hurt people, Josh.
A lot of people.
You know that, don't you?
Alexa tells me you
have reason to believe
your grandmother and your uncles
might be planning another crime.
Is that true?
They're my family.
No.
They're not.
They don't care about you.
Do they ever do anything
to help you or your mother
when she was struggling?
Make sure you were safe?
Had enough to eat?
A place to sleep?
Were they there for you, ever?
If Smurf had to choose,
do you honestly think
she would hesitate to
throw you to the wolves
if it meant protecting
one of your uncles?
You're expendable, Josh.
And you know it.
You're like the colt who
can't keep up with the herd
when the wolves arrive.
And the wolves are circling, Josh.
Are you baking today?
Of course I am. It's tradition.
The boys expect it when they get back.
God, I hate this part... the waiting.
Yeah, well...
No news is good news.
Yeah.
Smurf, I know that we don't
always see things the same way.
But I think...
for whatever reason that's
happened in the past,
it would be a good thing if
we could put that behind us,
start over.
Is that supposed to be
an apology, sweetheart?
Sure.
Baz put you up to it?
No.
Okay.
I'll accept your apology.
I got to go to the bathroom.
(SODA CAN OPENS)
(WASHING MACHINE RATTLING)
You went just like this
with your whole face,
right into the cake, no hands?
Did you have icing all over you face?
Yeah, and in my hair. Mommy got mad.
I bet she did.
You know, sometimes mommies
get so mad they ruin the fun.
She got mad when I played
with the siren, too.
The siren?
Played with a siren?
Mommy's friend's car has a siren.
Oh.
I was supposed to make the big light go,
but I accidentally hit the siren.
It was really loud.
(CHUCKLES) It must have been.
I'm not supposed to tell Daddy.
No?
Let me guess.
Your mom's friend, is he a...
fireman?
No, he's a policeman.
He lets me sit in his police car.
So much fun for you!
You lucky girl.
Ooh. That grilled cheese looks so good.
You want some more potato chips, baby?
Did you thank your grandmother?
What are you guys doing?
LENA: Talking.
(DRAMATIC INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
CRAIG: We're in.
Okay.
Holy shit.
(SIGHS)
Let's go.
♪
(EXHALES)
YATES: You ever see any
cash in the house?
Yes.
Guns?
Any idea how much cash?
- No.
- Drugs?
- They don't sell drugs.
- But they use drugs.
I mean, that must have been hard
after your mother's overdose.
So your uncles all participated
in the bank robbery your Uncle
Pope went to prison for.
Josh?
Look, I heard them talking.
They were all there.
And why are you concerned about
your girlfriend and her father?
I'm not concerned about Nicky,
and she's not my girlfriend.
- We broke up.
- Did you overhear something?
Are they... Are they in danger?
Nicky slept with my uncle.
Who? Pope?
No, Craig.
Okay, and now you're concerned
for her and her father
because Craig's going to harm them?
No.
Tell me about Baz and Pope and Smurf.
Did they tell you what
they're planning next?
No, they don't really
talk when I'm around.
You came here to me, to
Alexa, because you're afraid.
I can keep you safe.
I can keep them from hurting you.
Alexa says you're a smart kid, Josh.
Are you smart enough to know
who your real friends are?
Are you smart enough to
know that we are your best,
maybe your only way out of this?
Are you that smart, J?
Are you?
- Bye.
- Bye!
- Bye, sweetie!
- You go first.
Love you, Lena.
(SIGHS)
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(ENGINE STARTS)
♪
(COUGHS)
Visitors.
Four Jarheads in a truck.
Looks like they're coming in.
(DOOR WHIRRING)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
Okay, we're clear.
Give me the rest of the dummies.
(WHISPERING) Put it in.
Go. Put it in.
(SIGHS)
The side, the side, the side.
Good.
(CHAINS RATTLING)
(LOCK CLICKS)
♪
(BEEPING)
Good.
(CLANGING)
Oh, shit!
Hey, they're full.
They're gonna overflow.
- There's room.
- No, no, no, bullshit.
- They're gonna overflow.
- There's room.
Cardboard.
Hand me the cardboard.
Hey. Hey, knife.
(BUBBLING)
What the hell's taking so long?
We know the other three were
involved in the bank robbery.
Get the kid to testify,
we can convict them.
That's hearsay. They'll just
say they were joking around.
And even if we could charge them,
Pope's already served time for the bank.
He'd still be out on the street.
So what? It's not like
Pope's gonna do anything
without his brothers anyway.
I can get the kid to wear a
wire, but it will take time.
Eh.
He just doesn't trust us enough yet,
but he knows he's in danger.
What about the teacher?
Think he trusts her?
He's a teenage boy. He might
just do it for pussy.
(CHUCKLES)
Jesus, you're not considering
having her sleep with him, are you?
We need him to wear a wire.
Do you really give a shit
how she gets him to do it?
Yeah, actually, I do.
I mean, what is he, 17?
She is an adult.
She is facing a Class One
felony drug-trafficking charge.
She will open her legs for
a good-looking teenager
if it means not doing 15 to 20.
(CONVERSING INDISTINCTLY)
Come.
♪
Whoa, whoa! What the hell are those?
Don't ask.
(PAINTBALL GUNS RATTLING)
(PAINTBALL-GUN FIRE,
INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
♪
You don't have to sleep with him.
Just convince him
you're the honey pot at
the end of the rainbow.
But only if he wears a wire.
He's holding out on us.
He knows more than he's saying.
Tell him...
you'll be together after
this is all over.
That you love him.
He's not gonna believe that!
He is a teenage boy. He'll
believe whatever you tell him.
Your nightmare is almost over, Alexa.
You've come this far.
Finish it, and you just walk away.
(SUN DRUG'S "SOAKED" PLAYS)
(ENGINE STARTS)
(SHOUTS INDISTINCTLY)
♪ Oh, hold up ♪
♪ This ain't right ♪
♪ Subconscious ♪
♪ Watch what you say, yeah ♪
♪ This cycle ♪
♪ Energy ♪
♪ Renew me ♪
♪ Permanence, yeah ♪
♪
♪ The filament gets cracked ♪
♪ While all the transplants tan ♪
♪ Much like a hot balloon ♪
♪ This high will come down, too ♪
♪ We've got a wasted ways ♪
♪ Honed in this fine little place ♪
♪ FM soaked avenues ♪
♪ Will burst apart on cue ♪
(SONG ENDS)
It went okay.
Okay?
(LAUGHS) It went fantastic!
- Whoo!
- Yeah!
No problems?
No. Pie?
Apple.
Ice cream's in the freezer.
- Yeah.
- Yeah!
Where's Baz?
He's taking first watch on the money.
How much?
Didn't count it.
$600 grand!
And we left...
10 times that much just sitting there.
And we just walked away.
I'm gonna fire up some monster bud, bro.
Come on, 'cause it
ain't gonna last long.
Hold on, I'm coming, baby.
- I'm coming.
- Whoo!
SMURF: Ice cream, ice cream.
Freezer.
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING, DISTANTLY)
So Baz's plan was solid, huh?
Yeah.
Where's J?
Uh, I don't know.
He left a few hours ago.
He'll be back.
We shouldn't be involving
anyone outside of the family.
We've got a way bigger problem.
They went to get us some dinner.
They'll be back.
They need more information, J.
They know you're holding back.
I've told them everything I can.
No, there's got to be something
else you can tell them
without incriminating yourself.
Your Uncle Pope...
I mean, Deran trying to drown you?
No, you don't know them, Alexa.
You don't know what they'll do to me.
Do to us, J.
I'm in this with you.
It's you and me now.
Oh!
SMURF: I hadn't seen her in
weeks, and then she shows up,
steals 10 grand from behind
the dryer, and disappears.
She's talking to the cops, Andrew.
♪
Baby, I know you always loved her.
But she's a user.
She used me. She uses you.
We saved her from those
bastards she called parents.
We brought her into our family.
But that girl, she only
cared about herself.
I watched her lead you on...
promising you things.
But she was never honest.
She was not honest with
you or with any of us.
She's betrayed you, Andrew.
She's betrayed you over and over,
and now she's betraying your family.
(CELLPHONE RINGS)
Hey, Paul, how are you?
PAUL: Is everything okay?
No, I haven't seen Nicky in
a couple days, actually.
- What?
- But, um,
you want to get a beer soon?
I saw a '72 GTO on, uh, Craigslist
I was thinking about buying,
and I want to get your opinion on it.
Yes, so I'm gonna give you a ring
when work dies down a little bit.
How about that?
Okay, buddy.
Idiot.
(BOTH PANTING)
CATHERINE: ♪ Arrorró mi niño ♪
♪ Arrorró mi amor ♪
♪ Arrorró pedazo de mi corazón ♪
♪ Duérmete mi niño ♪
♪ Duérmete mi amor ♪
♪
Baz isn't back yet.
I know.
Lena is sleeping already?
Yeah. Yeah, she wasn't feeling well.
So I gave her some cough
medicine to help her sleep.
Is she sick?
There's this cold going
around her school.
I figure if she gets a
good night's sleep,
maybe she can beat it.
(SIGHS)
Are you leaving?
What?
You stole money from Smurf.
That's ridiculous.
She said I stole money from her?
When?
She thinks you're talking to the police.
Why would she think that?
Lena told her, that's why.
Baz will be home soon.
No, he won't.
He's out on the job till morning.
There is a guy, he comes into the bar.
You met him.
He's a cop.
Lena likes him. He lets
her sit in his car.
It's no big deal.
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
POPE: You're in danger.
I would never go to the police.
I know. I told Smurf that.
And did she believe you?
No.
Of course she didn't.
Excuse me.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
♪
(BOTTLES CLATTER)
I haven't decided to leave yet.
I'm scared.
I need to be ready if I
have to take Lena and go.
I'm afraid, Andrew.
Afraid for Lena.
I can see that Smurf hates me.
She wants me gone.
She's trying to turn Baz against me.
You've always been there for me.
Always loved me.
I know that.
I've always known that.
It should have been you.
Me and you.
We can still go away together.
Take Lena, start a new life.
I'll go first.
And then when it's
safe, you can meet us.
Costa Rica or Belize.
It's so beautiful there.
(MOANING SOFTLY)
I love you.
I love you, too.
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTING)
(SOBBING)
(SOBBING CONTINUES)
♪
Hey, Josh, dig in.
Want some soda?
Hey, sorry we took so long.
Traffic on PCH was a bitch.
The summer crowds are definitely back.
So, what time will Smurf
be expecting you back home for dinner?
No time in particular.
Why don't you give her a call,
let her know where you are?
No, that's cool. She won't care.
Call her anyway, make sure.
I turned my phone off.
Why?
So she won't know where I am.
You don't think that's
gonna make her suspicious?
No, I took my SIM out.
That's how she tracks me.
Put the card back in.
- What?
- Put the card back in now, Josh.
(CELLPHONE CHIMES)
What?
Missed calls.
From who?
From Smurf, who do you think?
Call her.
Hi, baby.
Where you been?
I'm at a... I'm at a friend's house.
My phone ran out of battery.
I just got a chance to charge it up.
Coming home?
Um, I was wondering if I
could stay here tonight.
You know, we're...
we're just hanging out,
playing video games.
Might catch a movie later.
Is that... Is that cool?
Sounds great. Yeah.
Enjoy yourself, and I'll
see you in the morning.
Have fun. Stay safe.
Love you.
Yeah. Okay.
Bye-bye.
CRAIG: You okay?
No. J's been gone all day.
And now he wants to sleep
over at some friend's house.
Yeah, he's banging his teacher.
What?
Yeah, it's her apartment.
Looked her up on Facebook.
Hot as shit. I'd be banging her, too.
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
(LINE RINGING)
(PANTING)
(SOBS)
LENA: Mommy?
Mommy?
♪
(MUSIC STOPS)
Hey. Thanks.
Nothing?
No, nothing. Hasn't moved.
Signal's still strong, though.
How'd the night go?
I was sitting in the front
seat of a car all night.
How do you think it went?
Call me when they start to move.
(CLEARS THROAT) All right.
YATES: Get any sleep?
I got some muffins, if you're hungry.
(SIGHS) No, thank you, I'm fine.
Officer Fischer and I were talking,
and we think you're
not really telling us
everything you know about your
grandmother and your uncles.
That maybe you left out a detail or two.
I've told you what I know.
They don't say much in front of me.
That so?
Look, they're careful.
They're real careful.
I'm not wearing a wire.
- Sure you will.
- No. I won't.
Here's how this is gonna go down.
You're gonna put on the wire,
you're gonna go back to
your grandmother's house,
you're gonna find out
what they're planning,
when they're planning to do it.
You're gonna come back to us,
and we're gonna take them down.
You know, it would be a real tragedy
if Smurf found out you were
here all night, talking to us.
How long before she sends one
of your uncles to find you?
Pope? Or Baz? Craig?
Craig would probably bring Deran along.
He always does.
Deran would be happy to help,
from what you told us.
Maybe they'd be gentle about it,
a single bullet to the back of the head.
Then again, maybe they won't.
I hear Uncle Pope likes
hammers and propane torches.
Enjoys it... the begging, the pain.
(SNIFFLES)
Please, J.
You can do this.
You can. I know you can.
It's the only way.
And then...
After this, we will go far
away from all of this,
away from these people
and this whole world.
Please.
♪
Cath?
Hey.
♪
- sync and corrections by Caio -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org